we did it David's hoarder garage is no
more and in its place is
$20,000 of cold hard cash but um you do
still want to play games right so much
more than that I want this to be the
ultimate gaming Room slome Theater slw
Workshop no exaggeration when we're done
here I think this is going to be the
best upgrade anyone has ever done at our
company okay that might be a little bit
of puffery sir but I actually do have
very high expectations for this set up
because there's no sponsor for this
upgrade meaning the tech tips are going
to be a bit more practical and also high
stakes since every dollar that David put
into this came right out of the precious
Collectibles he had to sell to pay for
it so I think it's time to roll up our
sleeves and uh stretch some
dollars like I'm stretching out this
segue to our sponsor proton mail take
control of how your data is used online
by deg Googling your life and choosing
proton Suite of privacy first products
you can check them out at the link in
the video
description this is my house wow I can't
believe you guys moved in like a month
ago yeah my partner's been working
really hard on getting the space set up
Priority was getting the booknook sorted
wow and it's awesome this is incredible
yeah we're very very lucky it's funny my
girlfriend has the same problem I had a
little while ago she loves collecting
things this is a very valuable
collection of books they're all like
special edition oh reallys like I think
this one's like 600 bucks or
something one of these uh one of these
tour Edition ones is is that much and
like everything is quite valuable on the
shelves so oh wow part three of this
video line is clearing out her
collection TV Corner looks great too
other than oh I was going to say TV too
high but I got the fancy
mount it was so hard to install it took
me like hours and hours but I also wall
mounted the PS5 does it come down more
so we can see that n you can see the top
cool my only question is what are you
going to do here I can see the bones of
some pretty interesting ideas what is
the PVC pipe in the corner for we are
going to make an RGB Cloud lamp that
that a computer will be coming out of
before we do that let's get the TV
mounted okay I see you went with the LGC
377 in it was the best value olet I
could find so per pixel dimming great
blacks great motion Clarity for gaming
both retro and new stuff right cuz you
can throw filters on that and it gets
not it's not a CRT and it'll never be a
CRT but pretty CRT like it also has four
HMI 2.1 in including the arc Port which
means I can use this receiver that has
two HMI 2.1 outs for the two TVs that
are going to be in here two TVs one's a
monitor it's monitor not TV oh man okay
okay okay let's go let's go 3 two one
there we go oh it's not that heavy okay
are you stuck behind the TV David nope
you sure I can Crouch you're quite
certain you're not St oh this is
definitely the biggest TV I've ever
owned wow you are going to be pretty
close to this hey it's like a movie
theater I feel like there's going to be
a pretty stark contrast between what
David zeso did and what he's doing here
she likes the ideas she won't like the
execution now I didn't think you were
planning to build a new computer also I
couldn't help noticing that this was
from the office well I didn't start out
planning on building a computer I just
sort of got one upgrade at a time until
it turned into a whole new computer this
looks sick though yeah this is from one
of our streams Cherry treent it over and
it was in white which doesn't quite work
with the vibe I wanted so I had Justin
paint it to a dark gray black uh the
aesthetic you got a black Borg Cube PC
oh it's so sick and this is like top of
the freaking line dude it's pretty
close my only question is what's the
deal with these bolts coming out the
bottom a PC this beautiful doesn't
deserve to rest on a desk it deserves to
float in the sky and we have a mount for
it to be floating and that is the base
for it oh boy okay reys do you want to
get started on that wish me luck I will
luck but that's not the only computer
today no we are building my partner a
new computer she's been stuck with my
old 7700 K system uh and it's time for
her to get something a little more up to
date not fully up to date but I mean
it's a 7900 XT well yeah the graphics
card is good why don't I get to work on
her machine great in the meantime I'm
going to go help Reese but I want to
give you a sneak preview of the extra
piece for the Borg PC that uh no way oh
yeah oh yeah you just wait to see
it okay that's pretty cool man you get a
hand me-- down sop PC from David doesn't
seem that bad
3900x 32 gigs of
RAM to mount the Bor Q PC and make it
sort of look like it's floating we have
this piece of metal that we've cut and
welded back together it'll drill into
studs and then we have built a custom
mount for the PC to mount on top and
then sort of kind of stick out is not
perfect and this color isn't exact match
for the wall but I'm going to paint the
wall a Galaxy color editor put up a
Galaxy that's what it's going to look
like uh and we're going to paint on top
of this and make it all kind of more
cohesive and invisible you know s is not
a brand that we look at very often on
this channel but I got to say I'm pretty
impressed with the value $80 us for
curved glass and four of these fans were
already included it's a pretty nice
value a less impressive package is this
motherboard David for all of his
wonderful qualities is not always the
most organized and while I did manage to
track down on the back plate I don't
have the screws or the brackets for the
front which
unfortunately I do need
thankfully I have the capability of
channeling my own inner
David and I'm going to steal the screws
that he apparently didn't need for his
new
ring the upgrade today is not going to
be complete there's still lots of little
projects that are ongoing I started
doing these comic book tabletops I'm
going to do the same thing on the other
side I have a bunch of Star Trek comic
books and I'm going to do a collage of
all the Star Trek things that I love uh
and I'm going to do a movie One for the
console in the middle didn't get done in
time uh this one isn't even finished but
it gives you an idea of what it will be
like in the
future oh sorry I was leaned down here
to do a shot to figure out what I'm
going to do about Justin not including
the AMD standoffs it looks like these
zga 1700 ones will work in a pinch it'll
just be a little bit tight and then I
saw what David did to the poor SSD
that's in this m.2 slot there's going to
be a lot of improvisation today guys cuz
while the height of the 1700s is okay
they don't fit over these posts so I'm
going to have to drill them out I don't
know i' got to fix that SSD BRB not
going to lie David between you and
Justin that computer is going to be the
death of me oh oh what's the odds you
have a vice uh zero okay I'll hold it by
hand what are the odds you have a drill
and a bit that's a little bigger than
this pretty good actually all right
let's do it what could go wrong ow ow
ow oh if I spin it
backwards and I can just kind of melt it
in there oh dude
buddy that's sick they almost contact
the standoffs almost which is exactly
what we want we want a little bit of
kind of spring pressure on these oh yeah
dude we're good H what a relief I'm very
curious if you can figure out what this
is for
it's a door yeah but it's not it's a
climbing wall for a really really small
person hint it's in that
bin oh controller wall magnetic
controller wall
no uh oh the idea is that this is going
to cover that breaker panel but I still
need to access it and so it's going to
be on a barn door so it can slide in out
of the way eventually it'll be painted
black to match rest the wall the
vision's great EX
why APC blocks because what do you want
to cut all these
blocks this is the easiest cheapest way
to get a bunch of little blocks that are
identical David question for you yeah
how essential would you say front USB is
for my partner quite essential cuz
that's what she knows to plug
into okay how essential would you say
these fans are absolutely not cool cuz
well I think you see the problem yeah
that's not what that out now what I did
didn't tell David cuz I do have another
idea this housing on this thing is
huge I think it could be
trimmed what am I thinking this is
really stupid are we going to get
it it's really tight
um I think we're going to get it don't
take this the wrong way but the whole
spending your own money thing I wasn't
expecting to find argb cables they were
really cheap to find really cheap
40 bucks each
yeah oh oh that's Canadian oh okay
that's actually not B it was like 37
something each so if they work then uh
great I mean they look like they should
work honestly the space is okay it's
still rough but it's it's starting to
look like I can see what you were going
for it's the vision yeah which is
something there's still a lot of
something left though what's up with
that cable management L what the heck
yeah look this side looks pretty good
that looks amazing okay but there's a
lot of finishing touches that still need
to go in like there's one motherboard
screw in I just need to see it post
before I do
everything I have very little confidence
that this is just going to immediately
fire up I have high confidence not only
in your ability to do amazing PC work
but the fact that this was a PC that was
working yesterday well that's going to
make me feel even worse when it doesn't
fire up thanks David
okay NE may
not okay all the RGB works I was not
sure if that was going to happen um and
I'm not getting an output oh
well um might need batteries oh it might
need to be plugged in
[Laughter]
oh computer output
uhoh let's try again with a thing
just kind of oh it might be giving us a
no keyboard error do you have a keyboard
uh yes I've got a new keyboard for this
video oh oh oh nice nice okay David
isn't even back yet but we already know
that that was the problem everything's
detected even the bent SSD so I think
I'm good to button everything up and
close this out oh this actually ended up
looking kind of cool don't tell anybody
I said that
though is there going to be something
like here and oh God
the table will be here they basically
makes it to here David to his parents
can we get lonus to drop things no we
have Linus at home I think I've dropped
more stuff in recent videos than you
have oh wait how did you attach
them hot glue what else St what else
would you use epoxy yeah but then I
could never get it off I want to
basically 3D scan and like print
something that's going to fit better and
be flat cuz none of these are flat so
none of them stay super super well so
this is a
temporary
solution okay we should just put a crash
pad under the door then I'm a man of
vision this isn't a crylic Mount hey
yeah is that a good idea I don't know I
I had Justin make
it cool okay where does it go onto this
so we're going to just this yeah no no
she's close she's close she's real close
yeah yeah she's going to go she's going
to go she'll she'll catch okay wait oh
yeah this has got a PC in it the thing
about PCS is the weight
distribution not even so she wants to go
this way which I mean um how are you
planning to hold the heads of these
bolts while you screw in the nuts watch
me
uh you're going the wrong way oh yeah
you're trying to take it off okay um oh
God
oh gosh I mean I don't want to tighten
it too much it's acrylic but I don't
want to tighten it too little cuz it's a
computer look at the
flex can you see the flex in this Andrew
okay stop stop stop I haven't heard any
acly cracking so that's
good okay giant Crash Pad there will be
a desk right here it's going to be it's
going to be low oh okay so the thing
that I'm most excited about in this
entire upgrade is this incredible work
that Justin did on this Starship
Enterprise model look at this thing that
looks awesome custom paint job he did
like battle damage I didn't know he was
into that stuff oh he wants you to know
that he's into this stuff he he likes
this stuff I want to see like plof
versus Justin like uh like battle battle
damaged armor paint off now have you
seen some of plof stuff too oh it's so
good this is crazy this looks
incredible oh
buddy oh that is so cool so this is like
I guess so here's the part you're not
going to like
uh we're going to epoxy it
[Music]
stand oh God it's adding even more
weight to this side David wait okay I'm
going to pitch him I'm going to pitch
him something else okay um we're going
to we're going to try and Comm in David
to let us have it come off the shelf we
could even do it in the top surface so
you wouldn't even see it David we're not
letting you do it what are you going to
do we're going to drill a hole in the
top of this shelf sure that's mine oh
okay I'm easy uh okay um one drill
please uh should we glue it into the
Enterprise first absolutely okay hold on
don't pinch just yet then cuz I want to
check the angle for this so we were
thinking kind of like that right yeah
okay so with that in mind
it's time to pinch and now we play the
waiting game for his theater setup
David's using kind of a mish mash of
older speakers so we just need to take a
quick look and see what the rated
impedance of these is so we can tell his
receiver how hard to drive them uh
Unfortunately they don't seem to Shay
wait we could save ourselves some
trouble do you have a multimeter I don't
have a multimeter oh I have a voltage
chest I don't know if it does any I
don't think it does it yeah that's not
going to do that no multimeter huh cuz
then we could just um find out the
impedance it's probably 6 ohms so what
happens if it's not does it just blow up
um Spectacular One Way is much more
worser than the other way and I forget
right now do you want to find out uh
yeah I'll find out no by doing I'm
saying but there's
only I mean yeah how married to you are
how married are you to these speakers
they're old hand-me-downs from 15 years
ago okay well we're going to go for gold
then six ohms or higher I think it's
okay what about the rears those are
probably labeled right they I think they
have at least
names what yeah just know I mean we
promised people this was going to be a
more frugal practical Tech upgrade the
speakers they at least have names you
know yeah that's that's the
bar there we go oh hey DM 100 that's
right we don't have a multimeter but
we've got a model number we got a multi
reader he can read letters and numbers
is crazy these are eight ohm okay so
that means it's six or higher the six or
higher setting will be fine for these
then these are the real Tech tips though
you know hacking together whatever it is
that you've got lying around and doing
it in a way that's safe and doesn't blow
anything up I like a little bit of
blowing up okay so we're safe to
continue with the receiver Setup Wizard
I'm not getting any test tones are you
guys sure you hooked all this stuff up
right nope uh yes
what did you do David the wrong way no
no that's that's fine for now I don't
think I haven't done anything yet all I
did was move these connections from the
bottom to the top which shouldn't matter
that's all I did oh
reys when were you going to mention you
haven't plugged those in yet what what
do you mean you I mean I'm sitting here
going oh the front's working but the
surrounds not it clearly says they're
not yeah okay well now you
know okay get the best Sur by using the
attach microphone yes I'd like to
calibrate now uh before I do that though
I was thinking maybe we revisit this
let's do
it and we were thinking here yeah what's
uh what drill do we need I said
call her a drill
they're children go get the drill
you are the drill
now yeah
buddy okay I think that's good here we
go you guys ready I think we should
epoxy yet Moment of Truth oh
buddy let's
go that's so
cool okay oh man we actually got we
nailed the angle on the epoxy thing you
see that as soon as I stuck it in there
it didn't move at all so we've actually
got the weight kind of distributed
correctly and then we can what we can
I've got some black zip ties upstairs
I'll bring them and then we can use
those to Anchor to the to the pool here
I'll be right back okay okay it was
worth it it was worth it David I agree
are we ever going to like maybe show
your so her like new computer yeah is
she here right now she's here right now
all right it's not done done there's
more stuff to add but
okay it's so pretty it's
rainbow I don't know what any of those
things do but I love them no I love it
you did a good job thank you
yay we wanted to play some retro games
cuz like you know David was going to
like emulate retro games because you
know he had to get rid of all of his
consoles to pay for the the space but um
apparently all of his Linux isos were on
a raid array that died yeah you don't
have a single retro game not currently
well wait what did okay well you kept a
couple consoles yeah okay well then we
can play a game well then we don't have
the filters yeah I I have a retro 4K I
only have the 5x
though I don't have anything guys I
don't have anything nothing I got
nothing well I mean it's still a cool
setup but we have to yeah we have to
play a pixel game what filters do you
like it depends on the screen I like the
scale 2x ones you there's like a scale
3x or 4X the HQ hq2x actually is one of
the ones I like really yeah I know I
thought you I thought you were some kind
of purist that looks terrible I love CT
because they make smooth so I got an all
that into
smooth oh man David you just lost all
your Retro Gaming street cred in one
move no do you know what would be lame
is if I bought into what other people
thought looks good I have my opinion my
perspective and I bring that to
everything I do including the filters I
choose you tell
me you know this might not be as big of
a collection anymore but when you think
about the quality per game G that we're
looking at here now I like it better it
seems more
focused this is a sick collection I got
to say this is looking mighty fine in
here it's not perfect uh as per usual my
vision is huge my execution is okay but
with the help of my friends I think we
did a pretty amazing job so if you guys
are all paid friends to me then what am
I to
you you know what I think the people can
see where you're going with this all it
needs is what like an area rug or two a
little couch a little spit shine this is
sick dude are you going to miss the
Fidelity of the original consoles though
it's going to take me a little while to
adjust I can tell that the input leny
was off uh and it didn't feel quite
right to me but I think it's something I
can get used to and it's something that
I can adjust and research and tweak uh
and I'm very excited for the emulation
of later consoles as well you know like
PS2 PS3 this is about where we had the
mic hey David y okay here we go oh
I'm so excited I haven't had a good home
theater setup you know what maybe ever
not this good for sure this if you're
going for full immersiveness is a great
size for this space for movies this
isn't too big yeah I'm a little anxious
for games but I don't think it'll be too
bad well there's always that one there
exactly
choices you know we did this video
recently so I don't really need to talk
about it a ton but a cobbled together
random ass Facebook Marketplace speaker
setup is so vastly Superior to an entry
level or even a mid-range Soundbar that
that's just what everybody should be
doing if you're in the no and you don't
mind baffing about with inputs this
crushes what like any soundar you would
have bought for this price crushes it I
don't know man I think you might have
nailed it hopefully you guys enjoyed the
transformation almost as much as David
did and hopefully you'll enjoy the this
segue to our sponsor proton mail did you
know that sneaky email trackers in your
inbox can tell senders and advertisers
what you read what you clicked and even
follow you around the web well with
proton mail your emails are encrypted so
only you and your intended recipients
can read your messages protecting your
sensitive information from prying eyes
unlike some other providers your data
isn't monetized or harvested so you'll
be getting an AdFree privacy focused
experience plus your private Keys stay
on device so even if proton servers are
compromised your messages stay encrypted
proton mail is just part of a larger
Suite of privacy first tools including
Proton Drive docs and pass which are all
designed to help you degoogle your life
it's also super easy to switch over with
the migration tool letting you transfer
emails calendars and contacts in just a
few clicks so click the link in the
description to learn more about proton
mail and their other tools if you guys
enjoyed this video and you like the lius
and David energy why not check out his
Intel extreme Tech upgrade it
was maybe more chaotic a different kind
of chaos yes David was at a different
stage in his life now he's a mature
teenager